(Nico Smiley)
The Battle Royal
is now over!
They've taken on fiery flames,
icy icebergs, jungly jungles,
and raucous ruins,
but nothing could stop them
from taking center stage
on our center court!
I know we had some
technical difficulties
and couldn't watch
the duels in their entireties‐‐
sorry but no refunds, folks‐‐
so even I'm curious
to see who made it through
to the next round!
And here they are now.
Give it up for these eight
great dynamic duelists!
(cheering)
There's Yuya,
right in front.
And Zuzu's there, too!
(cheering)
The... great... eight!
I think I lost my appetite.
Reed didn't make it.
You'll just have to feast
your eyes on Yuya and Zuzu then.
Goosepickels! Goosepickels!
Goosepickels!
(cheering)
Just look at Yuya and Zuzu‐‐
they're both totally exhausted.
That Battle Royal must
have been rough on them.
Hey, how come
Sylvio's down there?
(Frederick)
Ach! I thought that guy lost
to Yuya in the first round!
He's not the only one
who lost a duel.
Aura lost, too, against
that ninja Moon Shadow.
(man)
Hey, Sylvio! Did your
dad pull some strings?!
(woman)
Yeah, Daddy,
the big politician!
(man)
You don't belong here!
You musta hacked
the live feed
and held it ransom so
you could get back in!
(man)
I don't know what you're
trying to sell us,
ya cheater,
but we ain't buyin' it!
(man)
Get outta here,
you loser!
(man)
Why don't you pack your bags
and go back to Daddy?
Be quiet, all of you!
I got here because of
one simple reason!
I got the skills
that give the chills,
cause the thrills,
and pay the cable bills,
so silence all the banter,
and show some respect
to this Lancer!
(woman)
A Lancer?!
Never heard of it.
(child)
What's a Lancer?
Stop acting so special!
My darling's also a Lancer,
and he's better
than you, Sylvio!
Ladies and gentlemen, I have
an important announcement
to make on behalf
of the Leo Corporation.
I ask that you remain calm, as
this may come as a great shock.
Effective immediately,
the Arc League Championship
will be...
suspended indefinitely!
(shocked reactions)
No way!
You gotta be kidding me!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
There's certainly
no easy way to say this.
The reason for suspending
the Championship is that,
during the Battle Royal,
an enemy force
from another dimension
has invaded our world!
We've learned some
extremely disturbing facts
about how
this group operates.
As organizers
of this tournament,
the Leo Institute feels
it's absolutely essential
to reveal the truth
about what's happening,
no matter how ominous and
unsettlingly that truth is.
To invade the dimension
we live in,
the invaders sent their
elite army Obelisk Force.
When we discovered this,
we decided to shut down the live
broadcast of the Battle Royal
to avoid causing panic not
only here in Paradise City
but throughout
the whole world.
Invaders?
Another dimension?
(man)
What's an Obelisk Force?
(man) They gotta be
pulling our duel disks!
(man)
No way!
What's with the lies?
(Henrietta)
I understand
the cause for doubt,
but if you don't believe me,
see for yourselves!
Aah!
(gasping)
That's horrible!
They turned him into a card!
Is that why we haven't
seen Dipper around?
You think they turned him
into a card, too?
It's shocking,
but this is the way
our enemies try to implement
their cruel plan!
Once they defeat
their opponents in duels,
they mercilessly
transform them into cards.
You lose a duel and
get turned into a card
and it's all over?
Can all this
really be real?
It can't be.
Ach!
It's card‐iclysmical!
Hmm.
But do not despair.
We were quite fortunate,
because during the Battle Royal,
our heroic duelists
were able to completely repel
the cruel invaders!
We owe them our thanks.
Avenge those who have fallen
and destroy the enemy!
Blitzing Bombardment!
Aah!
All right!
In your face!
How's that feel,
losers?
(laughing)
Yah!
(Sora)
The trap Fusion
Fortress'll save me!
Isn't that Sora?
(all)
Sora?!
(Henrietta)
These duelists
standing before you
will form an elite team
known as the Lancers
to take on any threats
coming our way.
(crowd)
Lancers! Lancers! Lancers!
Lancers!
Lancers! Lancers!
Lancers! Lancers! Lancers!
The way she makes it sound,
Sora's one of the enemies.
(Allie)
She's lying!
That can't be true!
Allie's right.
Sora's always
been our friend.
I wonder
why Sora's dueling
when he was already
out of the tournament?
Maybe he got a do‐over
like Sylvio did?
But why was Sora
battling against Yuya?
Whilst everyone was battling
against an enemy,
the two of them would
have been the only ones
having an ordinary
tournament duel.
Thanks to the selfless actions
of these fearless Lancers,
our world is safe
for the moment.
We don't know when our
enemies will attack again,
but we can be
certain they will.
That is why we all
need to be prepared.
We must be able
to protect ourselves,
and the only way
to do that
is to train harder than
we ever have before.
The Leo Institute will
provide the places
and the courses
to make that happen.
You must be
the new Lancers,
the ones who will
save our world!
(cheering)
(man)
I wanna be a Lancer!
Sign me up!
I'm ready, too!
You on board, Kit?
You better believe it,
Julia!
(Declan)
The world has changed.
The peaceful days of
happiness we all once knew
are sadly a thing
of the past now.
We have just entered
a new age...
an age of combat.
Because of this, all students
of the Leo Institute
will stand at the
front lines as soldiers.
Special Ops Duelists.
Warriors for our world.
All right!
That's sounds awesome!
I'll take
those invaders down!
Nobody messes
with our home!
They don't stand
a chance!
And even I, Declan Akaba,
will stand shoulder to
shoulder in battle with them!
Like legendary knights,
those who will stand
on the front lines
are modern‐day warriors.
And like those honorable,
ancient heroes,
these Lancers will meet
their enemies and defeat them!
(crowd)
Lancers rule!
Lancers rule! Lancers rule!
Lancers rule! Lancers...
Hey, where's Zuzu?
Isn't she coming?
Yeah, where is she?
Oh!
Hey, isn't that Zuzu's?
(groaning)
What are you
doing with it?
I'm sorry,
but Zuzu's gone.
Ah!
(Frederick)
Gone shopping
for a new shirt?
(Yuya)
No, she's gone!
Gone, gone!
(Allie)
But we saw her!
She came back with you
and the others!
That wasn't her.
That girl wasn't Zuzu.
Huh? What do you mean
she's not Zuzu?
Stop pulling
my lederhosen.
She looks just like Zuzu,
but her name is Celina.
Celina?!
While the Battle Royal
was going on,
they swapped clothes and
took each other's place.
They changed clothes?
Why would they do that?
Zuzu opened my eyes
to the truth, Yuya.
I'm through
with the Professor.
She risked everything
to help me,
and now I'm going
to return the favor.
I promise I'll do
whatever it takes
to rescue her
from Duel Academy.
I'll fight them with all
my might... as a Lancer.
You have my word.
(groaning)
I'll get her back!
Just tell me where
this Duel Academy is!
Where is it!?
Tell me, Yuya!
I'm‐‐ I'm afraid
it's not that simple.
I'll make it simple
for ya!
You tell me the where
and don't worry about the how!
I'll find whoever took her
and take her back!
Zuzu...
(crying)
I'm sorry, but Zuzu's
in another dimension.
Huh? Did you say
"dimension"?!
But the Lancers and I are
gonna rescue her.
Not without me,
you aren't.
I'm not going to sit
here and do nothing!
I'll pound the enemy
into a pfannkuchen!
Count me in too!
Wherever Yuya goes,
I go!
Got it?!
Whatever, you two.
I don't need a crystal ball
to see that you
don't have the skills.
If anyone's going with
my darling, it's gonna be me,
so get in line.
Calm your horses, Aura.
What say we let them do
some talking
while you and Gong
do some walking.
Don't worry.
Yuya'll be fine.
Huh?
Dad!
Sorry, Aura,
but our chit‐chat's
gonna have to wait.
(Yuya)
I'll find Zuzu!
I swear I will!
What a man!
And nobody's gonna
stand in my way!
I'll go wherever I have to
to get Zuzu back,
and I'll do
whatever's necessary
to defeat all our enemies!
When you say "enemies,"
does that mean Sora
as well?
Huh?
Come with me.
Uhh...
Mom, what're you doing!?
Teaching you a lesson
you'll never forget!
Now move it
before I lose it!
Uh‐oh, I don't like
the sounds o' this.
(Frederick)
Wait for me.
Why would my darling's mom
take everyone
to an abandoned arcade?
I hope she has better taste
when it comes to Yuya's
and my wedding reception.
(engines revving)
Huh?
Feels good to be back
in the saddle again!
Mom, what's with the get‐up
and the motorcycle?
Don't call me Mom!
Call me the Queen
of the Sirens!
The Queen of the Sirens!?
What is they!?
Years back before
Yoko was Yuya's mom,
she was part of
a team o' lady bikers
that caused a pretty big
stir in Paradise City.
That's an understatement!
I was the big,
bad boss lady,
and nobody messed
with us on my watch!
That's right.
They used to call me
Loco Yoko!
Loco Yoko?
Yeah, that sounds about
right with how you're acting.
This isn't the time
for jokes, Yuya!
But it is time to pop
the clutch on this duel!
I activate the Action Field
Pier Of Peril!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality Combat
System energized.
Generating Action Field.
I'm about to teach you
a lesson!
Teach me a lesson?
But I already finished
all my homework.
Besides,
this is embarrassing.
There's no way I'm
gonna duel my own mother.
Nobody says no to
the Queen of the Sirens!
Look out, Yuya, 'cause
Loco Yoko's back on the scene
and she's about to lay down
some serious tracks!
Here I come!
Hit the brakes!
The Queen of the Sirens
only knows one speed,
and that's supersonic!
The pedals to the metal,
and there's no slowing down!
Let's get this battle
brawling already!
Uh, Mom,
I mean "Queen Siren,"
any chance we can
take a pit stop?
Aura, remember to stay
on your future
mother‐in‐law's good side.
Back in my day,
to get respect,
you had to show power.
And dueling was the way
to prove I had it.
(engine revving)
And I proved it
over and over,
not just for me, but for
the rest of the Sirens!
I liked you better
when you made me
pancakes
in the morning!
Well the only thing
I'm serving up now is defeat!
I don't what you're
trying to prove, Mom,
but if it's a duel
you're looking for,
it's a duel you'll get!
When I win, you'd better
not dock my allowance!
I'm not gonna
shortchange you,
not like you're
trying to do to Sora.
What does Sora have to do
with any of this?
Everything, and Loco Yoko's
more than happy to show you why!
Bring it.
(both)
Let's duel!
Let's Duel!
(computer voice)
Action Cards dispersed.
To get this show
started right,
I summon
Performapal Salutiger!
And thanks to Salutiger,
I can summon
Performapal Helpprincess
to the stage as well!
With that,
I end my turn.
Your move, Mom.
Defeat her,
my darling!
Because the way your mom's
been treating you,
she's the one who
deserves to be grounded!
That was a good move...
notice how I didn't
say "great move."
I think someone
needs a timeout,
and it's not me!
When I was the leader
of the Sirens,
taking five was
never an option.
I had to be tough as nails
'cause every duelist in town
wanted a piece of us.
But all they got was
a piece of humble pie!
They knew not to mess
with any of the Sirens,
because they knew
if they messed with my friends,
they were messing
with me.
But some people didn't
get the message.
They'd come back
over and over,
and I'd beat them again
and again.
Eventually though,
since they weren't able
to beat me fair and square,
they decided to start
taking shortcuts.
(man)
Nice of you to show up.
Your friend was hoping
you'd stop by!
So this is what
it's come to?
You punks really
are psycho.
Thanks for
the compliment.
You're too kind.
How low can
you creeps go!?
That's just what
we're tryin' to find out.
We had to do somethin' special
to get your attention, right?
You let her go,
or you'll regret it!
We won't mess with your
pretty little protégé,
that is, as long as
you beat us!
All right then...
let's get
this battle started.
It's my turn now,
I draw!
It's time for me to rev
my engine, spin my wheels,
and kick things
up a notch!
I summon...
my Road Raven Renegade!
Let's go!
I'll take you all on at once!
Heh, you sure do
talk big...
but you won't when
we get through with you!
(man)
You boys are taking
all the fun out of this.
I see sneering
and snickering,
but no smiles.
Huh? Who said that?
Who's up there?
You're turning dueling
into fighting.
And that's not the way
it's supposed to work.
This is none of
your business‐‐ get lost!
Yeah, beat it,
we settle things
our own way here!
Disappear or you're
gonna regret it, pal!
I really don't think
I'll regret anything.
What?!
You little twerp!
Who do you
think you are?
Come down here
an' say that!
I'll be
more than happy to
because you're
dueling out of spite,
and dueling has
nothing to do with that.
They're holding
my friend!
What am I supposed to do,
forget about her?!
Even if you're
forced to duel...
you still have to duel
with a smile!
Now I'm gonna
rev things up
by tributing
Red Raven Renegade...
...to summon
Road Raven Red Queen!
Red Queen lets me
take control
of all your monsters,
because Red Queen is
a natural leader,
just like me!
Now I've got control of
all the monsters on your field!
Haa!
Aah!
Thanks, Mom!
Nice way to treat
your own son!
It's not as bad as you think
because the monster's
attack points
I just took control of
drop to a hundred.
But it will be once I activate
a little something known as...
The spell card
SMILE WORLD!
All monsters gain
100 attack points
for every monster
on the field.
There are
three monsters out,
so each one gets
300 extra attack points!
Whoa.
They're all smiling!
(all)
Huh?
(laughing)
(both laughing)
Here I go!
Performapal Salutiger,
attack!
(growling)
Aah!
Performapal
Helpprincess,
give Yuya
a not‐so‐helping hand!
(chuckling)
Now Road Raven Red Queen,
throttle him!
(whimpering)
Your friend is
safe and sound.
I hope you see,
sometimes a smile is
the simplest solution.
(Mom)
That man...
the one who appeared
from nowhere
and saved my friend...
that man was
your father.
He stole my friend back
from those thugs,
but he stole
my heart as well.
And he did it without
anyone getting hurt.
Yuya, I hope you can be
more like your dad,
because if you can't,
you won't only fail
to save Sora,
but you'll fail
yourself as well.
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ Go go go go ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪